1. how to trigger the event


In order to trigger the event, you must click anywhere in the game. This changes a square portion of the game’s
background. However, the new entity will not be spawned until you click on the upper left house.


2. what should happen when the event is triggered


When the event is triggered, a variety of changes will occur. First, the overall theme of the game will transform
into a fall Cal Poly setting. The houses will become the CS building, the river is icy, and the flowers become pumpkins.
The tree leaves become colorful matching the fall setting. We also change the path to look like a road.


The appearance of our entities also changes. The Dudes become Scooter entities and the fairies become turkeys.
When the upper left house is clicked, a student entity spawns that can be moved using the WASD keys.
Once the student is spawned the turkeys immediately begin chasing it using A star.



3. what the affected entities should do


The nearest star entity will transform into a turkey entity that uses A-star to chase the spawned student entity.
The student entity is spawned at the location of the house and moves using WASD keys.
The view changes along with the WASD keys in order to keep the student in the center.
All of the dudes will change into scooters and move randomly.


4. what the new entity is and how it should behave

The new entity is the student entity. The goal of this entity is to not get caught by the turkeys.
The student moves using WASD keys and stays viewed in the center.


5. (if applicable) the names of each partner and what each partner was responsible for


Partners: Meyli Jaeger and Hallie Christopherson


Both partners brainstormed ideas for the project and agreed on a final design. Meyli worked on changing the entities.
This included creating the new student entity and changing the movement speeds so that the target wasn’t reached instantly.
Hallie worked on changing the background images and designed the different pictures to animate using Adobe illustrator.